Release/2.7.1 (#178)
10up/simple-local-avatars: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [ ] Branch: Starting from `develop`, cut a release branch named `release/X.Y.Z` for your changes.
- [ ] Version bump: Bump the version number in `package.json`, `readme.txt`, and `simple-local-avatars.php` if it does not already reflect the version being released.  Update both the plugin "Version:" property and the plugin `SLA_VERSION` constant in `simple-local-avatars.php`.
- [ ] Changelog: Add/update the changelog in both `CHANGELOG.md` and `readme.txt`. (Recommendation to use: https://github.com/10up/changelog-generator)
- [ ] Props: update `CREDITS.md` with any new contributors, and confirm maintainers are accurate. (Recommendation to use: https://github.com/10up/credits-generator)
- [ ] New files: Check to be sure any new files/paths that are unnecessary in the production version are included in [.distignore](https://github.com/10up/simple-local-avatars/blob/develop/.distignore).
- [ ] Readme updates: Make any other readme changes as necessary. `README.md` is geared toward GitHub and `readme.txt` contains WordPress.org-specific content. The two are slightly different.
- [ ] Make sure the release date is added in the `CHANGELOG.md`.

> - [ ] Take the latest ` develop` pull in your local, this is for the merged release PR changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Before proceeding to the next step, ensure you pull the latest changes from the `develop` branch locally. This will bring in the changes from the merged release PR.
```
